<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>DPVCG Meeting Call &ndash; 19 JUN 2024</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>DPVCG Meeting Call</h1>
<h2>19 JUN 2024</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/31f00434-f01b-431d-a9d9-4ef690dd7c6d/20240619T140000/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>beatrizEsteves, georgKrog, julianFlake, Participants: harshPandit, paulRyan, steveHickman, tyttiRinktamaki</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>harsh, harshPandit</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">DPV v2 reviewing</a>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t02">Fixes</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">versioned IRIs</a></li>
<li><a href="#t04">diagrams</a></li>
<li><a href="#t05">w3id update</a></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><a href="#t06">Risk consequences</a></li>
<li><a href="#t07">Next meeting</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x008 class=summary>Meeting minutes: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings</a></p>
<p id=x009 class=summary>purl for this meeting: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-06-19">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings/<wbr>meeting-2024-06-19</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>DPV v2 reviewing</h3>
<h4 id=t02>Fixes</h4>
<p id=x012 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> added various fixes for typos in terms, labels, and descriptions. Found out that in the future we can do these right in Google Sheets by using spell check on specific fields. </p>
<p id=x013 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> For metadata, there are SHACL validation tests (see script 290) that look for missing terms e.g. if <code>Purpose</code> has a typo as <code>Prpse</code> then an error will be flagged that concept <code>Prpse</code> doesn't exist.</p>
<p id=x014 class=summary> For typos in other documents e.g. HTML or otherwise, people can review and report them until Friday.</p>
<h4 id=t03>versioned IRIs</h4>
<p id=x016 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> following last week's discussion, tried having versioned IRIs by creating two folders for v1.0 and v2.0 representing the two versions. See <a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/tree/dev">https://<wbr>github.com/<wbr>w3c/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>tree/<wbr>dev</a> Live version is at <a href="https://dev.dpvcg.org/v2.0/dpv/">https://<wbr>dev.dpvcg.org/<wbr>v2.0/<wbr>dpv/</a> - the v2.0 part is new.</p>
<p id=x017 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> the primer, guides, examples, etc. are not moved to the versioned folder as they won't change a lot across the version, and in any case the W3C publishing process keeps versioned copies of HTML reports online</p>
<p id=x018 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> The IRIs in the folders reflect the version, e.g. the v1.0 IRI now say <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/v1.0">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>v1.0</a> Other than this no other change has been made to v1.0, and the v2.0 is the current release</p>
<p id=x019 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> for now, I have copied over the media folder from root to v2.0 so there is duplicacy here - going ahead each version will keep its own diagrams and primer etc. will link to that </p>
<p id=x020 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> for managing versions in the future, the vocab_management script has a variable for indicating the version across all files being generated</p>
<p id=x021 class=summary> everyone to review this by Friday to see if there are any important breaking changes in the versioned IRIs implementation</p>
<h4 id=t04>diagrams</h4>
<p id=x023 class=summary> The diagrams need to be reviewed and updated where needed. Harsh and Julian has volunteered to help with this. </p>
<h4 id=t05>w3id update</h4>
<p id=x025 class=summary> Beatriz will help with this. W3id needs to be updated to support v1 and v2 versioned IRIs and links.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t06>Risk consequences</h3>
<p id=x027 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> tried to implement the discussion from last week where we discussed removing consequence and impact taxonomy and moving all concepts under <code>Risk</code>. The rationale for this is that concepts such as the example of Misuse mentioned by Delaram can be risk source or consequence depending on the use-case. So to permit this, we shouldn't declare a concept to always be a consequence or impact. Benefits etc. are impacts but are not 'risks' as we limit risks to negative events.</p>
<p id=x028 class=summary> discussed on whether to continue with this for v2.0 or to revert and take this up next time</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t07>Next meeting</h3>
<p id=x030 class=summary> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED 26 JUN 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST. Agenda will be on deciding DPV v2.0 release. If we are okay with the concent - we will go ahead with publishing v2.0. Otherwise, we will publish but call it v2.0-beta and allow some time (e.g. 1 month) time for comments and feedback.</p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 217 (Fri Apr  7 17:23:01 2023 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
