<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>DPVCG Meeting Call &ndash; 03 JUL 2024</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>DPVCG Meeting Call</h1>
<h2>03 JUL 2024</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/31f00434-f01b-431d-a9d9-4ef690dd7c6d/20240703T140000/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>beatrizEsteves, delaramGolpayegani, harshPandit, julianFlake, tyttiRintamaki, victorJuarez</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>georgKrog, paulRyan</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>harsh, harshPandit</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">DPV 2.0 Beta release</a>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t02">Pending Issues</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">Dev work</a></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><a href="#t04">Roadmap</a></li>
<li><a href="#t05">ODRL CG Meeting</a></li>
<li><a href="#t06">Next meeting</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x009 class=summary>Meeting minutes: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings</a></p>
<p id=x010 class=summary>purl for this meeting: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-07-03">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings/<wbr>meeting-2024-07-03</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>DPV 2.0 Beta release</h3>
<p id=x012 class=summary> see <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2024Jul/0000.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-dpvcg/<wbr>2024Jul/<wbr>0000.html</a></p>
<h4 id=t02>Pending Issues</h4>
<p id=x014 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/165">Issue 165</a></strong> CSV/JSON output of DPV v2 and extensions (by coolharsh55)</p>
<p id=x015 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> will check with georg/Signatu about this for resolving the issue</p>
<p id=x016 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/166">Issue 166</a></strong> Update diagrams for v2 (by coolharsh55)</p>
<p id=x017 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> diagrams are updated</p>
<p id=x018 class="phone s02"><cite>julianFlake:</cite> some diagrams are still pending?</p>
<p id=x019 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> added processing context </p>
<p id=x020 class="phone s02"><cite>julianFlake:</cite> there are some inconsistencies in the diagram - stray lines which need to be removed</p>
<p id=x021 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/45">Issue 45</a></strong> Preserving older versions of DPV and other resources (by coolharsh55)</p>
<p id=x022 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> we have versioned resources, and DPV has been submitted to LOV (awaiting response)</p>
<p id=x023 class="phone s03"><cite>delaramGolpayegani:</cite> better to send LOV contact an email about this</p>
<h4 id=t03>Dev work</h4>
<p id=x025 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> for under-development work, we currently utilise the <code>dev</code> branch in the repo, and then to view it live we use the dev.dpvcg.org urls. Other repositories have different styles of managing this workflow. They use the next version number e.g. we would have a <code>2.1</code> folder. </p>
<p id=x026 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> One solution is to use <code>dev</code> as it clearly indicates the work is not final, and also gives flexibility to decide what version number should be used if needed e.g. <code>2.1</code> or <code>3.0</code></p>
<p id=x027 class="phone s02"><cite>julianFlake:</cite> we can have 2.1-dev and 3.0-dev</p>
<p id=x028 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> The problem with these approaches is that in our editor's draft url in document, we would not have a consistent way to point to it. E.g. in DCAT v2 and DCAT v3 the same url is provided for editor's draft.</p>
<p id=x029 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> so if we have <code>dev</code> then our url w3id.org/dpv/dev will always go to the next under-development version. Once we have enough material to create a release, we can copy the <code>dev</code> into a versioned folder e.g. <code>2.1</code> and continue working without changing any draft urls</p>
<p id=x030 class=summary> group agrees with this approach</p>
<p id=x031 class=summary> identified minor issue in current DPV spec edDraftURI which should point to the versioned iteration i.e. <code>/2.0/dpv</code></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t04>Roadmap</h3>
<p id=x033 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> which items do we prioritise for the next release? The plan is that we will have sufficient materials every 6 months for a release, so we produce 2 releases per year so that DPV is always up to date for recent events.</p>
<p id=x034 class=summary> group is okay with this plan</p>
<p id=x035 class="phone s04"><cite>beatrizEsteves:</cite> prioritise EIDAS as it is needed for Solid Lab, Data Act work with visiting legal PhD, and finishing ODRL alignment</p>
<p id=x036 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> georg had mentioned prioritising AI Act</p>
<p id=x037 class="phone s03"><cite>delaramGolpayegani:</cite> AIRO and VAIR to be submitted and mapped to DPV by end of this month â€“ this will be inputs to AI and the EU AI Act extensions</p>
<p id=x038 class="phone s02"><cite>julianFlake:</cite> interested in AI and Data Spaces as preference but cannot commit at the moment</p>
<p id=x039 class="phone s05"><cite>tyttiRintamaki:</cite> working on DPIA for GDPR, risks, AI Act annex III + FRIA</p>
<p id=x040 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> working on 29184 machine-readable notice, should be complete end of this month</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t05>ODRL CG Meeting</h3>
<p id=x042 class="phone s04"><cite>beatrizEsteves:</cite> ODRL CG is meeting with W3C TPAC. We can have a joint meeting with them e.g. putting DPVCG on the ODRL CG meeting agenda. Or if there are many people joining and lots to discuss, we can have a separate meeting. Meeting will be in September.</p>
<p id=x043 class=summary> Interested members to let beatriz know about their interest to join by JUL-17 so they can plan accordingly.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t06>Next meeting</h3>
<p id=x045 class=summary> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED 03 JUL 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST. Agenda will be DPV v2.0 beta release and future tasks.</p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 217 (Fri Apr  7 17:23:01 2023 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
