<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>DPVCG Meeting Call &ndash; 10 JUL 2024</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>DPVCG Meeting Call</h1>
<h2>10 JUL 2024</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/31f00434-f01b-431d-a9d9-4ef690dd7c6d/20240710T140000/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>beatrizEsteves, delaramGolpayegani, georgKrog, harshPandit, julianFlake, TallTed, tyttiRintamaki</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>paulRyan</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>harsh, harshPandit</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">Github admin</a></li>
<li><a href="#t02">Diagrams</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">Lawfulness concepts</a></li>
<li><a href="#t04">Next Meeting</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x009 class=summary>Meeting minutes: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings</a></p>
<p id=x010 class=summary>purl for this meeting: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-07-10">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings/<wbr>meeting-2024-07-10</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>Github admin</h3>
<p id=x012 class=summary> confirmed that we will be using the <code>dev</code> folder to show work in progress in the master branch (with the <code>dev</code> branch for experimental stuff)</p>
<p id=x013 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> re-organised the github issues - closed stale issues, create labels to reflect the specs e.g. labels for gdpr, ai act, and highlighted some issues as simple enough for beginners</p>
<p id=x014 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> going ahead, more of our work will be reflected on github issues so that we can use it to keep track of discussions and decisions made</p>
<p id=x015 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> created templates for issues - see <a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/new/choose">https://<wbr>github.com/<wbr>w3c/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>issues/<wbr>new/<wbr>choose</a> These templates ask about specs being affected e.g. new concept is for DPV, and provide a structured set of fields. </p>
<p id=x016 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> a notice has been added to the PRs which states that if the PR is only for the output parts (e.g. DPV HTML), then it will not be accepted, and to instead open an issue first or ask what is the best way to contribute</p>
<p id=x017 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> the issue and PR template are as per github and are stored in <code>.github</code> folder in the repo</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t02>Diagrams</h3>
<p id=x019 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/166">Issue 166</a></strong> Update diagrams for v2 (by coolharsh55)</p>
<p id=x020 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> the primer has been reduced in size (40 pages) as it was far too long (150 pages) and the content has been moved/consolidated with the main DPV spec</p>
<p id=x021 class="phone s02"><cite>hasrh:</cite> updated various diagrams across the specs, for GDPR was not sure about how to represent concepts as the extension is quite large. Favour instead only representing an overview of the extension e.g. as a mindmap</p>
<p id=x022 class="phone s03"><cite>julian:</cite> worked on GDPR diagrams - created overview diagrams showing ontology using UML notation, and then specific diagrams for each of the sections. Diagram gets complex with more concepts.</p>
<p id=x023 class="phone s04"><cite>TallTed:</cite> format of diagrams should be svg as it is possible to put links in the document and put the name of the concept in the diagram tied to the context e.g. eu-gdpr:DataProtectionAuthority and dpv:DataProtectionAuthority</p>
<p id=x024 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> overview to keep it simple and introduction to the vocabulary, and details with classes and properties are good to have in sections</p>
<p id=x025 class="phone s05"><cite>georg:</cite> diagrams are useful, will use them in slides and presentations</p>
<p id=x026 class="phone s03"><cite>julian:</cite> that's a good guideline that the diagram should not be too complex - should be enough to introduce and talk about the concepts in a slide in presentation</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t03>Lawfulness concepts</h3>
<p id=x028 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/2">Issue 2</a></strong> Formulate a notion of compliance in the scope of the CG (by coolharsh55)</p>
<p id=x029 class="phone s01"><cite>harsh:</cite> I closed the issue as we have added lawfulness concepts in DPV and GDPR. Beatriz raised the point that we would need to add similar concepts for other laws. At the moment, we have DGA, AI Act, and NIS2 - none of which have authorities set up who can specify what forms the compliance will take e.g. will it be a common EU wide status like GDPR, or will there be specific country-wise compliance e.g. for NIS2. So the idea is to add these to the next version.</p>
<p id=x030 class="phone s06"><cite>beatriz:</cite> this is fine as it will be needed in the future.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t04>Next Meeting</h3>
<p id=x032 class=summary> The next meeting will be in 1 week. We changed the time to accommodate harsh's, beatriz's, and julian's schedules. The meeting will take place on TUE 16 JUL 13:30 WEST / 14:30 CEST. Agenda will consist of going through the 2.1 milestone work and any other updates on the mailing list.</p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 217 (Fri Apr  7 17:23:01 2023 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
