<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>DPVCG Meeting Call &ndash; 05 JUN 2024</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>DPVCG Meeting Call</h1>
<h2>05 JUN 2024</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/31f00434-f01b-431d-a9d9-4ef690dd7c6d/20240605T140000/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>beatrizEsteves, delaramGolpayegani, georgKrog, harshPandit, marjiaSiddik, steveHickman, victorLopez</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>paulRyan, tyttiRintamaki</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>harsh, harshPandit</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">DPV v2 reviewing</a>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t02">Primer</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">issues by steve</a></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><a href="#t04">versioned IRI</a></li>
<li><a href="#t05">Next meeting</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x009 class=summary>Meeting minutes: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings</a></p>
<p id=x010 class=summary>purl for this meeting: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-06-05">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings/<wbr>meeting-2024-06-05</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>DPV v2 reviewing</h3>
<h4 id=t02>Primer</h4>
<p id=x013 class="phone s01"><cite>julian:</cite> felt lost on key or core concepts or base concepts - what is the distinction? In some sections one term is used while another term in others</p>
<p id=x014 class="phone s02"><cite>beatrizEsteves:</cite> agree that we should use consistent term agreed to use 'core concepts' everywhere</p>
<h4 id=t03>issues by steve</h4>
<p id=x016 class="phone s03"><cite>harsh:</cite> <a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/151">w3c/<wbr>dpv#151</a> - all figures need to be updated in general</p>
<p id=x017 class="phone s03"><cite>harsh:</cite> <a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/152">w3c/<wbr>dpv#152</a> - legal roles are not mutually exclusive as they can occur across different processes e.g. controller in one and processor in another</p>
<p id=x018 class="phone s04"><cite>steveHickman:</cite> okay, I am simply pointing out that this interpretation is possible for the given specification</p>
<p id=x019 class="phone s05"><cite>georgKrog:</cite> EDPB states that the role contextual for the specific activity</p>
<p id=x020 class="phone s04"><cite>steveHickman:</cite> express in the primer that the subtypes reflect the different roles and that these can change or be different across use-cases</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t04>versioned IRI</h3>
<p id=x022 class="phone s01"><cite>julian:</cite> namespaces and IRI for v1 and v2 should be separate as this is best practice</p>
<p id=x023 class=summary> discussed options on how to do this</p>
<p id=x024 class=summary> e.g. <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv">Stable version 1</a></p>
<p id=x025 class=summary><a href="https://w3id.org/dpv-v2">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv-v2</a></p>
<p id=x026 class=summary><a href="https://w3id.org/dpv-latest">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv-latest</a> or <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/latest/dpv">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>latest/<wbr>dpv</a> to point to the latest?</p>
<p id=x027 class=summary><a href="https://w3id.org/dpv">https://w3id.org/dpv/latest</a></p>
<p id=x028 class=summary><a href="https://w3id.org/dpv">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv</a> should always point to latest as it current exists and we want to maintain backwards compatibility i.e. /dpv â†’ /dpv/v2</p>
<p id=x029 class=summary>with v1 prefix we will have paths /dpv/v1 and /dpv/v1/tech with v2 prefix we will have IRI <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/v2/dpv">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>v2/<wbr>dpv</a></p>
<p id=x030 class=summary>v1.dpvcg.org/dpv if we want to distinguish in the dev server</p>
<p id=x031 class=summary>dev.dpvcg.org/dpv/v1 to keep the paths the same</p>
<p id=x032 class=summary>w3id config will need to be updated <a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/tree/master/w3id_config">https://<wbr>github.com/<wbr>w3c/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>tree/<wbr>master/<wbr>w3id_config</a> </p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t05>Next meeting</h3>
<p id=x034 class=summary> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED 12 JUN 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST. Agenda will focus on DPV v2 planning and release.</p>
<p id=x035 class=summary> Paper on guide for implementing ISO 27560 consent records using DPV accepted to Annual Privacy Forum. Authors are harsh, jan lindquist, and georg <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.04528">https://<wbr>arxiv.org/<wbr>abs/<wbr>2405.04528</a></p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 217 (Fri Apr  7 17:23:01 2023 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
