20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harshPandit
20:09:23 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harshPandit, victorLopez, delaramGolpayegani, georgKrog, beatrizEsteves, steveHickman, marjiaSiddik
20:09:23 <harsh> Regrets: paulRyan, tyttiRintamaki
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 05 JUN 2024
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/31f00434-f01b-431d-a9d9-4ef690dd7c6d/20240605T140000/
20:10:04 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-06-05
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: DPV v2 reviewing
20:10:04 <harsh> Subtopic: Primer
20:10:04 <harsh> julian: felt lost on key or core concepts or base concepts - what is the distinction? In some sections one term is used while another term in others
20:10:04 <harsh> beatrizEsteves: agree that we should use consistent term agreed to use 'core concepts' everywhere
20:10:04 <harsh> Subtopic: issues by steve
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/151 - all figures need to be updated in general
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/152 - legal roles are not mutually exclusive as they can occur across different processes e.g. controller in one and processor in another
20:10:04 <harsh> steveHickman: okay, I am simply pointing out that this interpretation is possible for the given specification
20:10:04 <harsh> georgKrog: EDPB states that the role contextual for the specific activity
20:10:04 <harsh> steveHickman: express in the primer that the subtypes reflect the different roles and that these can change or be different across use-cases
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: versioned IRI
20:10:04 <harsh> julian: namespaces and IRI for v1 and v2 should be separate as this is best practice
20:10:04 <harsh> \ discussed options on how to do this
20:10:04 <harsh> \ e.g. https://w3id.org/dpv -> Stable version 1
20:10:04 <harsh> \https://w3id.org/dpv-v2
20:10:04 <harsh> \https://w3id.org/dpv-latest or https://w3id.org/dpv/latest/dpv to point to the latest?
20:10:04 <harsh> \https://w3id.org/dpv -> https://w3id.org/dpv/latest
20:10:04 <harsh> \https://w3id.org/dpv should always point to latest as it current exists and we want to maintain backwards compatibility i.e. /dpv -> /dpv/v2
20:10:04 <harsh> \with v1 prefix we will have paths /dpv/v1 and /dpv/v1/tech with v2 prefix we will have IRI https://w3id.org/dpv/v2/dpv
20:10:04 <harsh> \v1.dpvcg.org/dpv if we want to distinguish in the dev server
20:10:04 <harsh> \dev.dpvcg.org/dpv/v1 to keep the paths the same
20:10:04 <harsh> \w3id config will need to be updated https://github.com/w3c/dpv/tree/master/w3id_config 
20:09:23 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
20:09:23 <harsh> \ The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED 12 JUN 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST. Agenda will focus on DPV v2 planning and release.
20:10:04 <harsh> \ Paper on guide for implementing ISO 27560 consent records using DPV accepted to Annual Privacy Forum. Authors are harsh, jan lindquist, and georg https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.04528