20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harshPandit
20:09:23 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harshPandit, georgKrog, tyttiRintamaki, julianFlake, delaramGolpayegani, TallTed, beatrizEsteves
20:09:23 <harsh> Regrets: paulRyan
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 10 JUL 2024
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/31f00434-f01b-431d-a9d9-4ef690dd7c6d/20240710T140000/
20:10:04 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-07-10
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Github admin
20:10:04 <harsh> \ confirmed that we will be using the `dev` folder to show work in progress in the master branch (with the `dev` branch for experimental stuff)
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: re-organised the github issues - closed stale issues, create labels to reflect the specs e.g. labels for gdpr, ai act, and highlighted some issues as simple enough for beginners
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: going ahead, more of our work will be reflected on github issues so that we can use it to keep track of discussions and decisions made
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: created templates for issues - see https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/new/choose These templates ask about specs being affected e.g. new concept is for DPV, and provide a structured set of fields. 
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: a notice has been added to the PRs which states that if the PR is only for the output parts (e.g. DPV HTML), then it will not be accepted, and to instead open an issue first or ask what is the best way to contribute
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: the issue and PR template are as per github and are stored in `.github` folder in the repo
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Diagrams
20:10:04 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/166 -> Issue 166 Update diagrams for v2 (by coolharsh55)
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: the primer has been reduced in size (40 pages) as it was far too long (150 pages) and the content has been moved/consolidated with the main DPV spec
20:10:04 <harsh> hasrh: updated various diagrams across the specs, for GDPR was not sure about how to represent concepts as the extension is quite large. Favour instead only representing an overview of the extension e.g. as a mindmap
20:10:04 <harsh> julian: worked on GDPR diagrams - created overview diagrams showing ontology using UML notation, and then specific diagrams for each of the sections. Diagram gets complex with more concepts.
20:10:04 <harsh> TallTed: format of diagrams should be svg as it is possible to put links in the document and put the name of the concept in the diagram tied to the context e.g. eu-gdpr:DataProtectionAuthority and dpv:DataProtectionAuthority
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: overview to keep it simple and introduction to the vocabulary, and details with classes and properties are good to have in sections
20:10:04 <harsh> georg: diagrams are useful, will use them in slides and presentations
20:10:04 <harsh> julian: that's a good guideline that the diagram should not be too complex - should be enough to introduce and talk about the concepts in a slide in presentation
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Lawfulness concepts
20:10:04 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/2 -> Issue 2 Formulate a notion of compliance in the scope of the CG (by coolharsh55)
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: I closed the issue as we have added lawfulness concepts in DPV and GDPR. Beatriz raised the point that we would need to add similar concepts for other laws. At the moment, we have DGA, AI Act, and NIS2 - none of which have authorities set up who can specify what forms the compliance will take e.g. will it be a common EU wide status like GDPR, or will there be specific country-wise compliance e.g. for NIS2. So the idea is to add these to the next version.
20:10:04 <harsh> beatriz: this is fine as it will be needed in the future.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:09:23 <harsh> \ The next meeting will be in 1 week. We changed the time to accommodate harsh's, beatriz's, and julian's schedules. The meeting will take place on TUE 16 JUL 13:30 WEST / 14:30 CEST. Agenda will consist of going through the 2.1 milestone work and any other updates on the mailing list.