20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harshPandit
20:09:23 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harshPandit, tyttiRintamaki, steveHickman, delaramGolpayegani, georgKrog, julianFlake, iainHenderson
20:09:23 <harsh> Regrets: beatrizEsteves
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 26 JUN 2024
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/31f00434-f01b-431d-a9d9-4ef690dd7c6d/20240626T140000/
20:10:04 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-06-26
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: DPV 2.0
20:09:23 <harsh> Subtopic: Version Naming
20:10:04 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/45 -> Issue 45 Preserving older versions of DPV and other resources (by coolharsh55)
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: the folders and IRIs for versions have been renamed from `v1` and `v2` to `1.0` and `2.0` following best practices for semantic versioning
20:10:04 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/133 -> Issue 133 w3id update for dpv2 (by coolharsh55)
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: w3id has been updated with PR by beatrizEsteves, it will go live as soon as it is aproved by the w3id group
20:09:23 <harsh> Subtopic: Changelog
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: We have a changelog for v2 which can be viewed at https://dev.dpvcg.org/2.0/changelog - once merged into main branch the link will be https://w3id.org/dpv/2.0/changelog
20:09:23 <harsh> Subtopic: Search Index
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: We have a searcheable index of all concepts from DPV and extensions on a single page - this is the same implementation that was presented earlier but hadn't been merged and updated into the DPV repo. Link is: https://dev.dpvcg.org/2.0/search - this link after merging main branch will be https://w3id.org/dpv/2.0/search
20:09:23 <harsh> Subtopic: Miscellaneous 
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: implemented syntax highlighting for examples in the documents - see examplehttps://dev.dpvcg.org/2.0/examples/#example-implications-of-using-skos-vs-owl
20:10:04 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/132 -> Issue 132 Landing page for DPV (by coolharsh55)
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: implemented DPV landing page https://www.dpvcg.org/
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: created a concise version of the primer https://dev.dpvcg.org/primer/concise - this link after merging main branch will be https://w3id.org/dpv/primer/concise
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: OOPS! validation for best practices doesn't show any issues, and FOOPS! validation gives a score of 79% with 2 items to be completed after publishing DPV regarding registering DPV in LOV (Linked Open Vocabularies) service. 2 items are false positives as they relate to not detecting SKOS annotations in OWL ontologies - an issue has been opened about this in FOOPS! github repo https://github.com/oeg-upm/fair_ontologies/issues/114
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: various fixes in typos, iris, text (implemented)
20:09:23 <harsh> julianFlake: should the README that is currently visible at https://w3c.github.io/dpv/ be redirected to DPV spec?
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: no, we do not control that url as it is under W3C/Github, and we can replace that with an index.html or redirect but that would mean the README is no longer visible to people who may use the url accidentally.
20:09:23 <harsh> Subtopic: Diagrams
20:10:04 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/166 -> Issue 166 Update diagrams for v2 (by coolharsh55)
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: we have implemented everything else in the documents, only the diagrams are left to be updated
20:09:23 <harsh> julianFlake: we can use UML based diagrams? For example - see diagrams updated in the Primer. UML diagrams will give a consistent look and interpretation as it is a standardised representation of concepts.
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: yes, UML is good, and we should have a consistent approach for updating diagrams as the concepts change. Currently the existing diagrams need to be updated as they are incorrect for the latest version
20:09:23 <harsh> steveHickman: good to use diagrams in a consistent and known representation
20:09:23 <harsh> paulRyan: merit in UML for long term maintainence
20:09:23 <harsh> \ group agreed to go ahead with using UML based diagrams
20:09:23 <harsh> Subtopic: Release Schedule
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh: we have two options - 1) We release it right now (with updated diagrams); or 2) We release it as a beta version with a period for feedback and fixing any specific issues found.
20:09:23 <harsh> paulRyan: pre-release seems pragmatic
20:09:23 <harsh> \ group is in agreement about releasing 2.0 as a beta release first with a feedback period until JUL-31. If no major issues are found, we will continue with the final release.
20:09:23 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
20:09:23 <harsh> \ The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED 03 JUL 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST. Agenda will be DPV v2.0 beta release and future tasks.